---
title: I.T lesson no.6
layout: post
author: joseph.brocksom
permalink: /i.t-lesson-no.6/
source-id: 1zKv5pdvoXbxfo93EQNBrVzDM1MkWJsxx-QdLg4UvfNA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>I.T lesson no.6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>page 44</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to finish of project round of</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We learnt by doing the same thing that we do every week by one person writing and one person reading from the little book that we have.although this week we managed to get copies of our work onto my usb this is because the computer picked up that it was there whereas it did not last week.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Again i forgot to save time at the end of the lesson to copy that lessons work onto my usb so next lesson i will have to do it at the beginning of the lesson wich will limit my learning next lesson.so i need to work on remembering to save time at the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will make an effort to try to remember the time at the end of the lesson so i get time to copy the work onto my usb from vanishes because both of ours can't fit into the computer at the same time.i will also set my starting point as soon as i get into the textbook because otherwise i might forget what page we were on when i start doing my blog at home like last week.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


