---
title: I.T lesson no.9
layout: post
author: joseph.brocksom
permalink: /i.t-lesson-no.9/
source-id: 1oiF4ruFpKCXLCAmPjsFkCnpLYx9TaV7KIHtIkoB4_Vg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>lesson no.9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>64</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>66</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>no I got to page 65</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson me and anish both did not bring our usb so we tried to do as much as possible this week because we both knew we couldn't save it meaning we would have to do it again next week so if we did lots this week we would know how to do it quicker next week.In a weird way it helped us work harder becouse we wanted to still be in front of the pair next to us.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Of course us forgetting our usb's made us a lesson behind so for next time instead of focusing on how much we are doing (which is still important)i am going to focus on actually bringing the right stuff to the lesson which should be easy considering that it is only one thing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time before coming to school i will check again that i have all the right things for the lesson because otherwise this could happen again which would set us back another lessons worth of time because we would have to redo it to save it.Also next lesson at the beginning i will spend less time worrying about getting a good chair and just get the closest one so we have more time to work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


