---
title: I.T lesson no.4
layout: post
author: joseph.brocksom
permalink: /i.t-lesson-no.4/
source-id: 1-QYxrCV1CNx8LULXPxLJqG5ctBtq-cFwU-NcV7mPsQo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td> carrying on from last week.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach page 45 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I easily beat my target in the lesson</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>when I set the page target it made me work a little bit harder than normal because I had a page to beat not just to work hard or save something so I think that that helped me a lot.because last lesson I wasn't there I needed to catch up so anish told me what he did while I has writing last week's blog and that helped me work out what was happening.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>for a bit we couldn't produce any more work while anish was explaining what happened last week so next time one of us is not here we will talk at break or some point before the lesson so we can spend the whole lesson working.instead of using time up that we could of easily saved.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time I will see what went on last lesson if I wasn't there before the next lesson so we don't have to waste time talking about what happened.i will also improve my working by thinking logically about converting files. I will also save time at the end of the lesson so we have time to save stuff on a USB stick.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


