---
title: I.T lesson no.7
layout: post
author: joseph.brocksom
permalink: /i.t-lesson-no.7/
source-id: 1d3hcdsX2Btd7WmDGTLHx6gf7ut-zefHHxZgiFwqosok
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>I.T lesson no.7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>page 48</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach and finish page 55</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Not in the end because we went through the script we were on at the beginning and made it personalized.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by doing the same thing as last week because it always seems to work.i read for a bit and anish types and then we switch over so we both have a little bit at both things.when we got stuck me and anish went through the possibilities for about 10 minutes until we had got it right and after that it seemed to work fine.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Once again when we plugged my usb stick in it did not recognise that it was there.we thought we had solved this problem last week when it worked but it did not work this time.i plugged it into my laptop and it recognised it every time so i will just transfer the work that i have on their at the moment to a different one and use that instead.so that limeted my learning becouse we spent time trying to figure out what was wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will bring in my new usb and try it out to see if that makes any difference compared to the one i am using at the moment.i will also transfer all my work on my current usb to the new one at home so that we have more time in the lesson to get on with the work.and instead of just going through the lines of code and only checking them at the end if something goes wrong i will try to check more often as we are going through the lines so i don't have to go back through the whole script like we did today which had over 100 lines. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


