---
title: I.T lesson no.3
layout: post
author: joseph.brocksom
permalink: /i.t-lesson-no.3/
source-id: 1DBeN7pwUZEGso3yUWMt0Qmg1EgOeXBwR9TKT1WQtuHY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>halfway through the last exercise.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to finish the second excise</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes I did I also did a tiny bit more.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I managed to find out how to save something onto my USB  a lot easier than I had previously been doing.i did more than my target so my strategy was effective but it could've been better by checking my work a lot more so I would not have to go back all my work at the end.i need to try not to make small silly mistakes because that will ruin it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to try to check my work over more often so I don't need to spend ages going back through all my work at the end of the lesson when I don't have much time.i need to work on transferring my stuff onto USB quicker although I think that I have already nearly done this in last lesson because we can just save it to it as we go along.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to improve by checking work more so I don't need to go through all my work at the end of the lesson.i need to get out of my habit of just tying to do everything quickly this will help me so I don't do as many silly mistakes.i will also improve by putting the stuff onto my USB before the end of the lesson so that I havé enough time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


