---
title: I.T lesson no.5
layout: post
author: joseph.brocksom
permalink: /i.t-lesson-no.5/
source-id: 1D2NnzSYL5bqAQ3WAGy1rFSj1WfeAZMaOxXKPwgYFfAE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>I.T lesson no.5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I did not check what page i was on so i am not sure</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have around 5 pages completed</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> No because for a lot of the lesson mr keen was telling us about github.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When i was reading out instructions to anish i tried to think about what could happen or what that means to help me understand what's happening a bit more so i am not just reading out randoms words and numbers on the keypad.i also asked the teacher about something that i didn't understand and he showed me that it was in plain sight and if i had put in some effort i would of found it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When the teacher was explaining how to do stuff on github we couldn't do anything in that period of time.but it helped us in the long run even if we couldn't do much for that lesson.when me and anish tried transferring data onto my usb stick the computer did not recognise that my usb stick was even there so that meant that we couldn't put the work onto my usb that lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson i will try to bring in a different usb so that i might be able to finally get all the work we have been doing for the last 4-5 weeks on my usb.and if that still doesn't work i will tell sir what i have done and then see if he can help me.next time i will also try looking around first before i suddenly ask the teacher for help streight away.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


