---
title: Repl no.2
layout: post
author: joseph.brocksom
permalink: /repl-no.2/
source-id: 1lIiW_PwRGkxJ2Fm043N4mLBAV-h2I48a3ccJPqKVwMU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td> Repl no.2





</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>07/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having a working conversation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this </td>
    <td>to learn some key coding shortcuts</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>mostly</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were again listening alot to mr keen as we were starting another project and learn a lot of key terms / shortcuts before we start to begin a project or excise.Concentration was very important as if we did not listen it would mean we could not do as well as other people who listened.And we would fall behind alot as we go onto another aspect of the project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I did fairly good this listen so there is not that much that I can do to improve apart from maybe listen a little  bit better as I was drifting of sometimes because I was really tired so I could of possibly missed something that would help me later. So apart from being very tired I did fairly good.Although i had forgot a lot of the stuff we talked about last lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next week I need to go to bed at a sensible time so I don't get really tired the next day before schools because otherwise I get really tired and stuff like this happens.this will help because then I will be able to actually concentrate and remember everything that is going on.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


